Add client middleware documentation (#7058)
http4s/http4s: docs/docs/client-middleware.md

# Client middleware

Client middleware wraps a [Client] to add functionality. This document is a
list of included client middleware, which can be found
in the `org.http4s.client.middleware` package.

First we prepare a server that we can make requests to:
```scala mdoc:silent
import cats.effect._
import cats.syntax.all._
import org.http4s._
import org.http4s.headers._
import org.http4s.dsl.io._
import org.http4s.implicits._
import org.http4s.client.Client
import cats.effect.unsafe.IORuntime
import scala.concurrent.duration._
import cats.effect.std.Console

implicit val runtime: IORuntime = cats.effect.unsafe.IORuntime.global

val service = HttpRoutes.of[IO] {
  case r @ GET -> Root / "count" =>
    val count = r.cookies.find(_.name == "count")
      .flatMap(_.content.toIntOption).getOrElse(0) + 1

>     Ok(s"count: $count").map(_.addCookie("count", count.toString))

Author: 5 days later I'm not a fan of that example either. How about a stateful service like this:
```
POST /myNameIs?name=... which stores a (session, name) pair and sets a "session" cookie in the response
GET /whoAmI which finds the "session" and writes the name in the response
```
Is that too close to a bad authentication implementation which people might take seriously?

val redirectRequest = Request[IO](Method.GET, uri"/redirect")
```
```scala mdoc
client.status(redirectRequest).unsafeRunSync()
FollowRedirect(maxRedirects = 3)(client).status(redirectRequest).unsafeRunSync()
```

## GZip
Adds support for gzip compression. The client will indicate it can read gzip responses
and if the server responds with gzip, the client will decode the response transparently.

```scala mdoc:silent
import org.http4s.client.middleware.GZip
import org.http4s.server.middleware.{GZip => ServerGZip}

val gzipService = ServerGZip(
  HttpRoutes.of[IO] {
    case GET -> Root / "long" => Ok("0123456789" * 10) // the body has 100 bytes
  }
).orNotFound
val clientWithoutGzip = Client.fromHttpApp(gzipService)
val clientWithGzip = GZip()(clientWithoutGzip)
val longRequest = Request[IO](Method.GET, uri"/long")
```

```scala mdoc
// if we request gzip compression the body is smaller
// than the 100 bytes our route is sending
clientWithoutGzip
  .run(longRequest.putHeaders("Accept-Encoding" -> "gzip"))
  .use(_.body.compile.count).unsafeRunSync()
// when the client supports gzip we get the uncompressed body
clientWithGzip.run(longRequest).use(_.body.compile.count).unsafeRunSync()

> ```

Reviewer: I found this example a bit confusing. It took me a minute to understand why `clientWithoutGzip` had a smaller body than `clientWithGzip`.

I wonder if there is a better way we can demo this. For example if we put a response logger before and after the gzip middleware, it can show the raw response the client received and what it decoded it to. Or something like that.

Author: I was afraid logging the compressed body would be confusing, but I admit I didn't try. I'll also mention in the text that the underlying service will respond as usual if the client doesn't send `Accept-Encoding`, I'm exploiting that in the example but I didn't make it explicit.

Author: Maybe right now it's clearer?

Author: > I found this example a bit confusing. It took me a minute to understand why `clientWithoutGzip` had a smaller body than `clientWithGzip`.
> 
> I wonder if there is a better way we can demo this. For example if we put a response logger before and after the gzip middleware, it can show the raw response the client received and what it decoded it to. Or something like that.

Took me 6 months to understand your suggestion, i'll try it.

logs the request, `Logger` logs both.

```scala mdoc:silent
import org.http4s.client.middleware.Logger

val loggerClient = Logger[IO](
  logHeaders = false,
  logBody = true,
  redactHeadersWhen = _ => false,
  logAction = Some((msg: String) => Console[IO].println(msg))
)(client)

```
```scala mdoc
loggerClient.expect[Unit](Request[IO](Method.GET, uri"/ok")).unsafeRunSync()
```

## Retry
Allows a client to handle server errors by retrying requests. See [Retry] and
[RetryPolicy] for ways of configuring the retry policy.

```scala mdoc:silent
import org.http4s.client.middleware.{Retry, RetryPolicy}

object Bail extends Exception("not yet")

// a service that fails the first three times it's called
val flakyService =
  Ref[IO].of(0).map { attempts =>
    HttpRoutes.of[IO] {
      case _ => attempts.getAndUpdate(_ + 1)
        .flatMap(a => IO.raiseWhen(a < 3)(Bail) >> Ok("ok"))
    }
  }

val policy = RetryPolicy[IO](backoff = _ => Some(1.milli))

```
```scala mdoc
flakyService.flatMap { service =>
    val client = Client.fromHttpApp(service.orNotFound)
    val retryClient = Retry(policy)(client)
    retryClient.expect[String](Request[IO](uri = uri"/"))

> } .unsafeRunSync()

Reviewer: I _really_ like your examples that show the before/after effect of the middleware, I think this could be another good candidate for that.

Reviewer: Oh on second thought, that might be confusing with the counter side-effect. Meh :)

Author: > Oh on second thought, that might be confusing with the counter side-effect. Meh, this is fine :)

Would another `flakyService.flatMap { service => }` block before, without middleware, be confusing?

Author: > > Oh on second thought, that might be confusing with the counter side-effect. Meh, this is fine :)
> 
> Would another `flakyService.flatMap { service => }` block before, without middleware, be confusing?

I did it

```

## UnixSocket

> [Domain sockets] are an operating system feature which allows comunication between processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Unix domain sockets] are an operating system feature which allows communication between processes
```
